README.md, before:

# OCR Visualizer
OCRVisualizer is a tool to visualize Microsoft Cognitive Services OCR API json output to get familiar with bounding boxes of Regions, Lines and Words. It's written in C#/WPF.

This tool will be helful for your data discovery, if you use OCR with your documents.

## Main Functinality
In this version;

* You can see bounding boxes of `Regions`, `Lines` and `Words`
* You can see extracted text over your original document
* You can extract full text as output
* You extract Key-Value Pairs

## Run Executable File
If you would like to test OCR visualizer on your local, download Setup File and update with your `subscription Key` and `endpoint` in `OCR Settings`. After defining your endpoint you can visualize your OCR documents via `Browse`.

* [Download OCRVisualizer Executable File on Windows](Setup/Release_Setup.zip) 

![](screenshots/setup.png) 


## Build the project

Please change in `App.config` file below code snippet with your Cognitive Services Computer Vision API subscription key and if your service hosted other than `northeurope` region, change the region with yours.

Microsoft Cognitive Services Computer Vision Endpoint details.

```json
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<configuration>
  <startup>
    <supportedRuntime version="v4.0" sku=".NETFramework,Version=v4.6.1" />
  </startup>
  <appSettings>
    <add key="subscriptionKey" value="YOUR_COMPUTER_VISION_API_KEY" />
    <add key="endpointRegion" value="https://northeurope.api.cognitive.microsoft.com/vision/v2.0/ocr" />
    <add key="documentLanguage" value="unk" />
    <add key="searchValues" value="Number,Field,Source" />
  </appSettings>
</configuration>
```

Now you can define your `Field Extraction` under Key-Value pairs in `Manage Key-Value` under `Field Extraction` menu and values of these fields will be detected by their positions on the document and detected values will be listed in same panel.

![](screenshots/ExtractKeyValueSettings.png)

Here are some examples of of output of documents.

Extract Key-Value Pairs

![](screenshots/ExtractKeyValue.png)

OCR for unstuctured documents.
![](screenshots/ocroutput2.png)

OCR for a part of documents
![](screenshots/ocroutput1.png)

OCR from full page documents 
![](screenshots/ocroutput.png)


For more information about Optical character recognition (OCR) in images | [Demo](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/cognitive-services/computer-vision/#text) | [Container Support](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/computer-vision/computer-vision-how-to-install-containers)


## OCR Supported languages:
* unk (AutoDetect)
* zh-Hans (ChineseSimplified)
* zh-Hant (ChineseTraditional)
* cs (Czech)
* da (Danish)
* nl (Dutch)
* en (English)
* fi (Finnish)
* fr (French)
* de (German)
* el (Greek)
* hu (Hungarian)
* it (Italian)
* ja (Japanese)
* ko (Korean)
* nb (Norwegian)
* pl (Polish)
* pt (Portuguese,
* ru (Russian)
* es (Spanish)
* sv (Swedish)
* tr (Turkish)
* ar (Arabic)
* ro (Romanian)
* sr-Cyrl (SerbianCyrillic)
* sr-Latn (SerbianLatin)
* sk (Slovak)

Thanks.

Commit message:

field extraction document details
field extraction documentation details

README.md, after:

# OCR Visualizer
OCRVisualizer is a tool to visualize Microsoft Cognitive Services OCR API json output to get familiar with bounding boxes of Regions, Lines and Words. It's written in C#/WPF.

This tool will be helful for your data discovery, if you use OCR with your documents.

## Main Functinality
In this version;

* You can see bounding boxes of `Regions`, `Lines` and `Words`
* You can see extracted text over your original document
* You can extract full text as output
* You extract Key-Value Pairs

## Run Executable File
If you would like to test OCR visualizer on your local, download Setup File and update with your `subscription Key` and `endpoint` in `OCR Settings`. After defining your endpoint you can visualize your OCR documents via `Browse`.

* [Download OCRVisualizer Executable File on Windows](Setup/Release_Setup.zip) 

![](screenshots/setup.png) 


## Build the project

Please change in `App.config` file below code snippet with your Cognitive Services Computer Vision API subscription key and if your service hosted other than `northeurope` region, change the region with yours.

Microsoft Cognitive Services Computer Vision Endpoint details.

```json
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<configuration>
  <startup>
    <supportedRuntime version="v4.0" sku=".NETFramework,Version=v4.6.1" />
  </startup>
  <appSettings>
    <add key="subscriptionKey" value="YOUR_COMPUTER_VISION_API_KEY" />
    <add key="endpointRegion" value="https://northeurope.api.cognitive.microsoft.com/vision/v2.0/ocr" />
    <add key="documentLanguage" value="unk" />
    <add key="searchValues" value="Number,Field,Source" />
  </appSettings>
</configuration>
```

## Field Extraction - Key-Value Pairs

If you're looking for a specific value of a field, you can use this feature. After defining your field names, it'll look for a certain pixel to retrieve group of text as a value. Here is how it works.

![](screenshots/FieldExtraction.png)

Now you can define your `Field Extraction` under Key-Value pairs in `Manage Key-Value` under `Field Extraction` menu and values of these fields will be detected by their positions on the document and detected values will be listed in same panel.


![](screenshots/ExtractKeyValueSettings.png)

Here are some examples of of output of documents.

Extract Key-Value Pairs

![](screenshots/ExtractKeyValue.png)

OCR for unstuctured documents.
![](screenshots/ocroutput2.png)

OCR for a part of documents
![](screenshots/ocroutput1.png)

OCR from full page documents 
![](screenshots/ocroutput.png)


For more information about Optical character recognition (OCR) in images | [Demo](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/cognitive-services/computer-vision/#text) | [Container Support](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/computer-vision/computer-vision-how-to-install-containers)


## OCR Supported languages:
* unk (AutoDetect)
* zh-Hans (ChineseSimplified)
* zh-Hant (ChineseTraditional)
* cs (Czech)
* da (Danish)
* nl (Dutch)
* en (English)
* fi (Finnish)
* fr (French)
* de (German)
* el (Greek)
* hu (Hungarian)
* it (Italian)
* ja (Japanese)
* ko (Korean)
* nb (Norwegian)
* pl (Polish)
* pt (Portuguese,
* ru (Russian)
* es (Spanish)
* sv (Swedish)
* tr (Turkish)
* ar (Arabic)
* ro (Romanian)
* sr-Cyrl (SerbianCyrillic)
* sr-Latn (SerbianLatin)
* sk (Slovak)

Thanks.
